Doc changes to expose 'teamsAppId' in chat message attachment type (#16379)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/chatmessage-post.md

}
```

### Example 10: Send message that contains cards that are attributed to a Teams app

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.

> > **Note:** When specifying a Teams app to attribute a card to, the AAD app id of the token used to make the call must match the AAD app id of the Teams app. The AAD app id of the Teams app can be found in the *webApplicationInfo* section of the app's manifest. Refer to the following documentation on the current [app manifest schema](/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When specifying a Teams app to attribute a card to, the AAD app id used to make the call must match the AAD app id of the Teams app. The AAD app id of the Teams app can be specified in the *webApplicationInfo* section of the app's manifest. Refer to the following documentation on the current [Teams app manifest schema](/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema).
```

}
```

### Example 10: Send message that contains cards that are attributed to a Teams app

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.

> > **Note:** When specifying a Teams app to attribute a card to, the AAD app id used to make the call must match the AAD app id of the Teams app. The AAD app id of the Teams app can be specified in the *webApplicationInfo* section of the app's manifest. Refer to the following documentation on the current [Teams app manifest schema](/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema).

Reviewer 2: ID

> > **Note:** When specifying a Teams app to attribute a card to, the AAD app id used to make the call must match the AAD app id of the Teams app. The AAD app id of the Teams app can be specified in the *webApplicationInfo* section of the app's manifest. Refer to the following documentation on the current [Teams app manifest schema](/microsoftteams/platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema).

Reviewer 2: ID

Author: done
